Add typescript section to the README (#224)
mapbox/supercluster: README.md

- `map` must return a new object, not existing `properties` of a point, otherwise it will get overwritten.
- `reduce` must not mutate the second argument (`props`).

## TypeScript

> Install the `@types/supercluster` package to add the TypeScript's types definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install `@types/supercluster` for the TypeScript type definitions:
```
